{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green40\blue69;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 -The data set I have chosen is a Bank Marketing Data Set, related with the direct marketing campaigns (phone calls) of a Portuguese banking institution. The classification goal is to predict if the client will subscribe a term deposit (veritable y). \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs26 \cf2 \
-There are two datasets: \
1) bank-full.csv with all examples, ordered by date (from May 2008 to November 2010). \
2) bank.csv with 10% of the examples (4521), randomly selected from bank-full.csv. \
The smallest dataset is provided to test more computationally demanding machine learning algorithms (e.g. SVM). \
\
The classification goal is to predict if the client will subscribe a term deposit (variable y).\
\
-I was motivated to use this because I find it very interesting. I like Banking, I like Marketing, but I don't like direct marketing campaigns using an old technology paradigm, i.e. a phone call. I felt there we're better ways of conducting marketing campaign. I felt the data I set would be interesting to analyze, especially with what I chosen. From what I ran on my trials, the visualizations we're surprising. The data showed it was way more efficient then I believe, but I never thought it was good from the start. }